feat: configuration priority ENV > emqx.conf > API (#10156)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/feat-10156.en.md

Change the priority of the configuration:

> 1. If it is a new installation of EMQX, the priority of s configuration is `ENV > emqx.conf > HTTP API`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If it is a new installation of EMQX, the priority of configuration is `ENV > emqx.conf > HTTP API`.
```

> 2. If it is an upgrade of EMQX, the priority of s configuration is the same as before `HTTP API > ENV > emqx.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If EMQX is upgraded from an old version (i.e., the cluster-override.conf file still exists in EMQX's data directory), then the configuration priority remains the same as before. That is, `HTTP API > ENV > emqx.conf`.
```
